Upgrade SDK (#1111)
sharetribe/flex-template-web: CHANGELOG.md

## Upcoming version 2019-XX-XX

> - [security] Update Flex SDK version to v1.4.1. The new versionupdates depencencies with security issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [security] Update Flex SDK version to v1.4.1. The new version updates dependencies with security issues
```
